Force RPC switching interval (#10726)
smartcontractkit/chainlink: docs/CONFIG.md

Set to 0 to disable this check.

### SwitchToBestNodeInterval
```toml
SwitchToBestNodeInterval = '0s' # Default
```

> SwitchToBestNodeInterval interval in which to check and force internal services to use the "best" node as

Reviewer: Would it make sense to think of this as a 'lease' for how long the best node 'sticks'? -`BestNodeLeaseDuration`?

> LeaseDuration is the maximum period an internal service can use a node that is not considered the "best" node as
> defined by the SelectionMode. It also controls how often the lease check is done.

Reviewer: Is this any easier to understand if we state it the other way around?
```suggestion
LeaseDuration is the minimum duration that the selected "best" node (as defined by SelectionMode) will be used, before re-selecting a better one if available. It also controls how often the lease check is done.
```
:shrug: 

And should we recommend a value? What is a 'low value'?

Reviewer 2: +1 Jordan's rewording is easier for me to understand.

Set to 0 to disable this check.

### LeaseDuration
```toml
LeaseDuration = '0s' # Default
```

> LeaseDuration is the maximum duration that the selected "best" node (as defined by SelectionMode) will be used,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LeaseDuration is the minimum duration that the selected "best" node (as defined by SelectionMode) will be used,
```

Author: Isn't it the maximum? `checkLease` is not tied to when the node was selected, so we could have this timeline:

1. NodePool starts with `LeaseDuration='10m'`, lease timer start with it
2.  After 5m  an RPC goes down and a new "best" node is selected for a subscription
3.  1m later the better node comes back online 
4.  after 4m the lease timer triggers the lease check and switches to the better node

So in total, the node was up only 5m

Author: It's not difficult, the pool already keeps track of the active node inside the `selectNode()` method, so we can reset the timer there if a new node is selected, my only concern is that if the "best" node is flipping in and out of `NodeStateAlive` faster than `LeaseDuration ` then  the lease check might not happen at all

Author: Added in [`dc2bd13` (#10726)](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/pull/10726/commits/dc2bd1381b1256c24934485d226010cc8d2f8cda)

Author: Updated in [`2416b9a` (#10726)](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/pull/10726/commits/2416b9a6220a68de58935b488fa7486544a56a21)
